# fashion-reviews-generator
In this project, I am going to use product reviews written by genuine shoppers and generate new product reviews copy. The purpose is to demonstrate the usefulness of RNN and whether they can be used to create advertising copy for ecommerce. The data set comes from:
https://www.kaggle.com/nicapotato/womens-ecommerce-clothing-reviews (requires Kaggle login).

This is a genuine product review: 

>_Snap this one up but make sure you order a size larger than your normal size. it runs a full size too small. it sold out before and i was told it wasn't coming back in. i had purchased one previously in my regular size but it was too small. to my delight, it's back, and i've purchased one in the next size up. it's well made, can go from business to sport to casual._

This is a review generated by our RNN: 

>_this is the right color and i am a little small. the fabric is soft and the dress was very pretty and the fabric looks great on me._

To make the fashion review generator, we take the following steps:
- Get and load the data.
- Create a vocabulary look up table based on the complete set of reviews. This transforms words into integers (which our RNN can be trained on), and a reverse table to turn integers back into words.
- Tokenize punctuation which removes duplicates (e.g. good and good!).  
- Pre-process the product reviews by creating a vocabulary look up table, replacing the punctuation with tokens, converting text to lower case, split them up and turning each word into an integer from the look up table.
- Batching the data ready for training.
- Build the recurrent neural network / LTSM.
- Define forward pass and back propagation.
- Train the RNN with hyper parameter tuning to achieve desired level of performance.
- Save check point.
- Generate new reviews by supplying a small number of words. 
